Fresh after that we have pseudo classes on the first one is gonna be the hover.
Now with the pseudo classes in general the main idea is like this.
So as the element is gonna be changing some kind of state now in a hover.
This is very simple.
So as we're gonna be hovering over the actual element then something is gonna change about that element.
Now again this can be anything with the senses and we can apply this to all the element.
Now later on we're gonna be looking at specifically the length.
So those pseudo glasses are can be specific the links but how are we can use on everything.
And you know what.
Why don't we make an example.
So first let's get to this can save it.
And in the indexation the amount of work and maybe leave the paragraph again just to show that everything
works on all of them.
Let's write maybe a div then div let's add a class just to show that this is going to work when the
classes are just gonna be header.
I don't know we didn't had a rule just gonna have some kind of text as well maybe 10 letters something
like this and then let's add the link now for the link again we're just gonna have a dummy trough meaning
this is not going to link anywhere and here organist gonna say that I don't know this is a link something
like this.
And now let's decide what we're gonna do.
So let's say that for a paragraph I would want as I'm hovering to be a bigger font size.
So I'm going to say paragraph but then here we need to use the hover.
So now we're hovering with this class and this would be the difference between the two dots that we
used previously on pseudo elements and with the classes.
So the class says this is just going to be one set of colon that's all and I'm here I'm gonna say as
I'm hovering I would want the font size to be I don't know 60 pixels on the Barbara what's gonna happen
is we're hovering over doing the mouse then honestly this is gonna be very big.
Now I need to head over back and make this wasn't the best example because this can be triggering over
the place.
So I just change it.
I don't know font.
Let's do the color is always a good.
Gabe can say color and let's say right now as I'm going to be hovering the color of the paragraph is
obviously going to be red.
I also have the class so I can do the same thing with the class.
So let's say for the header we're going to be hovering and we can change the background too.
I don't know Blue as I'm hovering over and notice what happens.
Also we're not limited to again one property with one value.
We can write that color is gonna be white here and yeah whatever CSO styles we would want to.
And let's say as I'm hovering enough I have the background that is going to be blue and the color is
gonna be white.
Now last but not least I do have the link.
So let's say for the link there's gonna be again however.
So as I'm hovering over Darling what should happen.
I don't know I'm going to say text decoration is gonna be none.
So only as I'm hovering.
Then the underline is gonna disappear.
Now what happens as I'm hovering over the link.
I have no underline.
So that's how we can work would have our pseudo class in the CSF.